---
layout: post
title:  "My Revision and Home Workes"
date:   2015-09-01 
categories: jekyll update
---

 
 
 <h2>Harry Potter - Book 2 - Chapter1</h2>
 <p> 
 Heared the audio of chapter 1 from HarryPotter book 2.
 It was a sad chapter which details on Harry Potters 12th Birthday.
 Where no one wished him and he didnt get any gifts.
 At the end of the book came across a twist of 
 somebody was waiting for him on his bed .
 
 came across few wonderful words.
 1.fist - 
 2.drooped - bend or hang downwards limply.
 3.savagely - wildly.
 4.drowned - die through submersion in and inhalation of water.
 5.belch - emit wind noisily from the stomach through the mouth.
 6.pounding - repeated and heavy striking or hitting of someone or something.
 7.dangling - hanging or swinging loosely.
 8.grinned - smile broadly.
 9.Throbbing - beat or sound with a strong, regular rhythm; pulsate steadily.
 10.heave - lift or haul with great effort.
 11.gasped - catch one's breath with an open mouth, owing to pain or astonishment.
 12.rapturously - feeling or manifesting ecstatic joy or delight.
 13.simpercy - smile in an affectedly coquettish, coy, or ingratiating manner.
 14.precisely - in exact terms; without vagueness.
 15.slumped - sit, lean, or fall heavily and limply.
 16.Terror - extreme fear.
 17.drenched - wet thoroughly; soak.
 18.hitched - move (something) into a different position with a jerk.
 19.snarled - ay something in an angry, bad-tempered voice.
 
 </p>
 
 <h2>Revision</h2>
 <p>
 Did revision on my studies on cs50.
 It was a wonderful experience because i started 
 forgetting few things which i studied months before.
 I refreshed those topics and it was very helpful.
 </p>
 
 <h2>Cooking</h2>
 <p>
 Prepared potato masala.
 It was really tasty.
 But a bit more spicier than expected.
 </p>
 
 <h2>Habit</h2>
 <p>
 Started a new habit of walking 45mins a day.
 Developed another habit of drinking minimum of
 8 glasses of water a day.
 </p>
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

