---
layout: post
title:  "My Theories and Studies"
date:   2015-08-25 23:20:15
categories: jekyll update
---

 
 
 <h2>Cut the sticks proble in Hacker Rank.</h2>
 <p> 
 The problem is about cutting sticks and making all of it to zero sizes.
 User is supposed to provide number of sticks and also the sizes of each stick.
 The smallest stick size is subtracted from all sticks.
 The number of sticks which is left(that is size greater than zero) after subtracting is counted.
 The count after every cycle is printed.
 </p>
  
  <h2>Visited IELTS Training by Ryan.</h2>
  
  <h3>Came across certain practise points for scoring better marks in IELTS.</h3>
  <h4>Writing</h4>
  <p>
  1.Read Sample essays.
  2.Active reading on essays.(increases vocabulary and listening skills)
  3.Summarize.
  4.Concise.(Providing more information in limited words)
  5.Writing speed should be improved by continous writing.
  </p>
  <h4>Reading</h4>
  <p>
  1.Read questions and then find answers.
  2.Mark answers in paragraph and then write altogether.
  3.Skills can be improved by analytical reading.
  4.Questions will be asked sequentially.
  </p>
  <h4>Listening</h4>
  <p>
  1.Insight should be developed.(Capacity to gain an accurate and deep understanding of someone and something)
  2.Finding similar meaning.(Difficult part so more time should be given for that)
  3.Audio of movies can improve listening skills.
  </p>
  <h4>Speaking</h4>
  <p>
  1.Practise to talk clear and audible.
  2.Speak with concrete examples.
  3.Stick to the question.
  4.Should not deviate from topic.
  5.Summarize.
  6.Concise.
  </p4>
  
 
 
 
 [jekyll]:      http://jekyllrb.com
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-help]: https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help
